anas and air only have each
other their parents were killed in an
Israeli strike on their home inat
refugee camp in
centralaz to protect his six-year-old
brother anas has not told a what
happened to their mom and
dad my brother doesn't know till now
that he's lost all of his family except
me I don't know how to tell him I'm
afraid that if I tell him it will a
psychological
impact the strike did not just kill
their parents it left them with
lifechanging
injuries I was with my family at home I
went to bring something from the kitchen
suddenly everything fell down and I was
on fire the fire was eating
me a l playing outside with his friends
football their favorite
spot
my leg is amputated what can I do I want
to walk I want to run I want to play I
want to see my mother I want clothes to
wear I want to stand up I want to walk
alone on my own I can't sit down I want
to be able to sit down I can't sleep I
stay awake all the
time
as he remains in shock anas is wondering
what he did to deserve
this what did I do to the Israelis I did
nothing to them I did not carry a gun
against them I did nothing wrong to the
Israelis for now anas and ass are alone
but alive but as Israel intensifies its
bombardments in Gaza that is not
guaranteed
Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer